You nonsense
You don't pee. Look in the mirror.
You also deserve
We slept together. Do you think I deserve it?
What nonsense are you talking about?
You forgot that night at the clubhouse
It was you. You called me darling.
Why can't I recognize people when I wear a skirt?
you
I didn't expect to be taken advantage of by you trash
I said, why can't I find anyone in the past?
Xu Hao
You gave me the medicine
So what if I was?
It is your blessing that I can see you
Shen Yunrui
I suggest you take off your clothes now
Wait for me in bed
Otherwise, I'll put you on the shelves in minutes.
Are you shameless?
What happened to the Shen family?
Shen's Pharmaceutical is now in urgent need of a rare raw material
Without this raw material, production cannot continue
Once it cannot be produced, it will face
Billions in breach of contract compensation
rare raw material
These raw materials
But the world's top medical scientists have developed
It took three months to refine
There are 2 kilograms in the world.
It's all in the hands of Zhou Lao
That's a trillion, trillion dollars.
Uh, you said Zhou Lao
Is that Zhou Tianhao?
You can also mention the name of Waste Zhou Lao
Mr. Zhou is the richest man in China
God-like existence
As long as I contact him
You will receive this unique forgiveness
This opportunity
It's you who can't deceive for a lifetime
Isn't it just a hundred billion forgiveness? I'll help you with this.
How do you do it? Ouch.
It's not 100 billion.
Trash, do you know how much is 100 billion?
People like you
I'm afraid I won't be able to earn it back in eighteen lifetimes
Okay, stop fooling around and go
Hey, you have to be more confident in your man
Who killed him today?
I 1 million
How dare you hit my man?
I made you unable to get along in Yuzhou
Wait
Hey
Xu Hao will take revenge
You provoked him, you don't want to live anymore, you
Are you concerned about me?
glib
Okay, I have something to do
This is my phone.
Call me if you have anything
Kind of interesting.
Good Sunday, take the rare raw materials in your hands
Come to Junhe Hotel immediately to hell